Samples ReadMe (#35)
realm/realm-dart-samples: time_track/README.md

    bin/time_track.exe now sleep
```

> What follows is a short [asciinema](https://asciinema.org/) recording of building and using it. You can copy paste directly from the recording to your terminal. Note that I'm using [fish](https://fishshell.com/), so you may have to tweak a bit, if you are using another shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What follows is a short [asciinema](https://asciinema.org/) recording of building and using it. You can copy paste directly from the recording to your terminal. Note that a custom shell [fish](https://fishshell.com/) is used for the recording, so you may have to tweak a bit, if you are using another shell.
```
